  This project simulates a school library. It was coded in JavaFX, and SQL for the data base. The program starts by displaying a login screen where the librarians can enter the system; using a username and a password. If no user is found alerts are displayed stating that; otherwise, the picture of the user and a welcome message is displayed before going to the main window.
  
  In the main window, there are four taps with the main actions to performed, and a tableview to the left displaying the most important information of the queries. The first tap contains the fields and labels to add a new student. The second tap has the fields and labels to add a new book. The third tap helps updating the data base records; students and books. Lastly, the fourth tap is where the transaction is processed; the check-out or check-in of the books. The program can display all the records on the data base in the tableview; the students or the books. As well, it can do queries by entering the student id number, or the book isbn into the search box. Columns change accordingly to what it displays at that moment; sizes, column headers, and column number. Also, it can pick up information by double clicking a record on the tableview, and filling up the proper text fields for faster and more accurate processing. In addition, the program has a logout option under file which takes the user to the login screen in case another user wants to use the program.
	
  The program gets the information from the text fields and process them accordingly to what button was pressed. All fields are validated on whether they are empty or not, and if the transaction occurred successfully. Then, the program makes objects of the corresponding class and makes a query to the data base. If the query was successfully done, it displays a message to the user stating that.

There are screenshots of the GUI, the SQL to create the data base, and the user and password to access the data base included in the project. As well, the Javadoc files.

This program was coded by Adrian Mora
  
